[AV-75759] Vector Search Specific Examples (#203)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/vector-search/pages/create-vector-search-index-ui.adoc

For example, you could add the text field that you used to generate your vector embeddings. 
. Click btn:[Create Index].

[#example]
=== Example: Creating a Vector Search Index for Vector Search Query Examples 

If you want to use the sample dataset for the examples in xref:run-vector-search-ui.adoc[] and xref:run-vector-search-sdk.adoc[], then you can xref:search:import-search-index.adoc[import] the following Search index definition into {page-ui-name}:

[source,json]
----
include::example$sample-vector-search-index-payload.json[]
----

NOTE: Make sure you imported the sample dataset with the recommended settings. 

This Vector Search index has a type mapping for a `color.rgb` collection and includes the following fields: 

* The *brightness number* field, which is included in search results and supports sorting and faceting.

> * The *color string* field, which is included in search results, supports highlighting, phrase matching, and sorting and faceting.
> * The *description string* field, which is included in search results, supports highlighting, phrase matching, and sorting and faceting.

Reviewer: Wondering if we could combine these two since they do the same thing?

```suggestion
* The *color string* and *description string* fields, which are included in search results and support highlighting, phrase matching, and sorting and faceting.
```
